Speaker: Joe Biden
Speech or Text: Speech
Excerpt or Entire Text: Excerpt
Date: October 30th
Description: Joe Biden held a campaign event in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on October 30.
Source: https://www.rev.com/blog/transcripts/joe-biden-campaign-speech-transcript-milwaukee-wisconsin-october-30
*
--Start of Text--
We have to vote to meet the challenge of climate crisis as well. More frequent, extreme weather. Literally, the planet’s at stake. We’re told the number of years before it’s irreversible is getting narrower and narrower. The West is on fire. More forest land has been burned to the ground than the entire square miles of Rhode Island and Connecticut combined.

The Midwest is flooding. Here in Wisconsin, extreme weather incurs big cost for your infrastructure. Lake Michigan set a record high this past January, and the South and East hurricanes are more severe. Oceans are rising. My state’s only three feet above sea level, literally. People are worried what happens if we don’t change this. Folks, Donald Trump thinks that when you say climate change, he says hoax. Well, this stable genius, as he calls himself, also thinks that wind power causes cancer. The way to stop hurricanes coming across the warm Atlantic from Africa is to maybe drop a nuclear bomb on them. The same stable genius said the problem we had in the Revolutionary War, we didn’t have enough airports. And of the Revolutionary War, God saved the… Anyway.

Look, when I hear climate change, I think the health of our children, the security of the planet, and I also think it creates jobs. Jobs here in Wisconsin, all across the country. Folks, combating climate change means saving the planet, protecting our health, and creating millions of good-paying jobs, union jobs right here in Milwaukee and all across America. We can change the path we’re on, but we have to act now, because we can’t afford four more years of Donald Trump. This election, I promise you, your grandkids are going to write about how it set the path for at least the generation here in America.