Speaker: Joe Biden
Speech or Text: Speech
Excerpt or Entire Text: Excerpt
Date: October 15th
Description: Joe Biden participated in a town hall hosted by George Stephanopoulos of ABC on October 15 in Pennsylvania. 
Source: https://www.rev.com/blog/transcripts/joe-biden-abc-town-hall-transcript-october-15
*
--Start of Text--
Number two, what we have to do is the future rests in renewable energy. The single fastest growing energy source in the world right now, because I’m going to say something that’s going to sound self-serving, but I manage the RecoveryAact and I was able to invest billions of dollars into bringing down the cost per BTU of wind and solar. So now it’s cheaper than coal, is cheaper than oil right now, and it has great, great promise. And it’s also the fastest growing employer in the energy industry.

Number two, we should be moving toward finding the new technologies that are going to be able to deal with carbon capture. So, ultimately, it’s a transition we moved from, to a net zero emission of carbon that we’re still going to be able to use if we find the right technology, some gases, some gas to be able to, if we can carbon capture.

And I think we’re going to be able to move in a direction where by the year 2035, we’ll be able to have net zero emissions of carbon from the creation of energy, energy creation so we can move it by dealing with those. And every time we talk about global warming or the environment, the president thinks it’s a joke and I think as jobs, because what we’re going to have happened is you’ll be able to see now, as I started to say before. I as president is going to invest that $600 billion that we spend in government contracts, only on those things that in fact also are not only made in America, but building an infrastructure that’s clean and new.

And what we have to do is focus on the transmission of energy across the country from areas relating to solar and wind. The reason is that they have not, that has not been mastered yet. I met a lot of people in Silicon Valley. The battery technology is increasing significantly so you’re going to be able to have, for example, solar on your home and a battery the, this by this by this, as I’m showing you here in your basement. So when the sun doesn’t shine for five days, you still have enough energy. So, we’re making significant progress.

The other thing we’re going to do is provide an awful lot of work. It’s estimated to put close to a million people to work by weatherizing four million buildings and two million homes, because we’ll save tons and tons of energy or billions of barrels of energy over time. And at the same time provide significant employment and a good union wages, prevailing wages.