Speaker: Joe Biden
Speech or Text: Speech
Excerpt or Entire Text: Excerpt
Date: October 30th
Description: Joe Biden held a campaign event in Des Moines, Iowa on October 30.
Source: https://www.rev.com/blog/transcripts/joe-biden-campaign-event-speech-transcript-des-moines-iowa-october-30
*
--Start of Text--
Folks, we have to vote to meet the challenge of climate crisis as well. More frequent, extreme weather. The West is on fire. We’ve lost more forest than the total space of Connecticut and Rhode Island combined, in the West. The Midwest I need not tell you is flooding. You know here in Iowa, the derecho, catastrophic floods and droughts that lay waste to lives, livelihoods and whole communities. And in the South and the East hurricanes are more severe. Oceans are rising. My state’s only three feet above sea level. People are already talking about the change we have to make. We don’t have a lot of time. Donald Trump, when you say climate change, he thinks hoax, and that stable genius, as he calls himself, continues to say wind power causes cancer. It’s the same guy who said, by the way you think I’m making this up, when he was advised about the increasing hurricanes coming across the Atlantic because of the warm water, he said, “Maybe we should drop a nuclear weapon on them.” Holy mackerel.

This also a guy you may recall, the stable genius, he said, “The problem with the revolutionary war was we didn’t have enough airports.” And he talks about mental acuity? Whoa. Folks, you look at climate warming. You look at it the way I do. Creates jobs, Iowa jobs, jobs across America. You understand that here in Iowa we’ve already created thousands of good paying jobs because of your dominant in wind energy. And it’s expected that the number of wind jobs will double or triple by 2030 in Iowa. And notwithstanding that the stable genius says wind power causes cancer. Wind power helps save the planet, generates millions of dollars in economic growth, and provides good prevailing wage jobs.

Folks, combating climate change means saving the planet, protecting our health, and creating millions of good paying jobs, Union jobs, in wind and solar and carbon capture. Iowa farmers were the first in the world to be in a position where they reach net zero emissions, because we’re going to make sure there’s a whole lot more land set aside and you get paid for it. Deep rooted products, emissions, reward them. Folks, we can do this. There’s nothing beyond our capacity.