Speaker: Bernie Sanders
Speech or Text: Speech
Excerpt or Entire Text: Excerpt
Date: February 10th, 2020
Description: Bernie Sanders held a town hall in New Hampshire, one day before the New Hampshire Democratic primaries. 
Source: https://www.rev.com/blog/transcripts/bernie-sanders-new-hampshire-town-hall-transcript
*
--Start of Text--
We have a president of the United States who is an embarrassment in so many respects, but he is an embarrassment not only to our country, but to the world in terms of his refusal to acknowledge the reality of climate change. So Donald Trump, in case you are watching, how are you? I want you to know that climate change is not a hoax. It is a dangerous reality. Unlike the Trump administration, our administration will listen to the scientists and what the scientists are telling us is that not only is climate change real, they have underestimated the degree and the severity in which it is ravaging this country and the planet. Polar ice caps melting at a faster rate, ocean warming at a faster rate, drought getting worse, the extreme weather disturbances getting worse. What the United Nations is telling us is that if we don’t get our act together by the end of the century, they will be hundreds of millions of climate refugees. People unable to stay in their own communities because there’s no clean drinking water. There is no land to grow their crops.

Want to know what climate change is doing to the planet? Turn on television and see what’s going on in Australia right now where that country is burning. Remember what happened in California with an unprecedented level of fires? What we will do under our administration is adopt the basic principles of the Green New deal. We will transform our energy system away from fossil fuel to energy efficiency and sustainable energy. We will create up to 20 million good paying union jobs.

I’ll tell you what else we are going to do, because climate change is not an American issue. Climate change is a global issue. We will lead the world and I will be reaching out to countries all over the world. Countries like China, India, Pakistan, Brazil, countries all over the world and make the case that we are in this together. It’s not an American issue, it’s not a Russian issue, not a Chinese issue. We are all going to suffer from climate change and maybe, just maybe, instead of spending one point a trillion a year on weapons of destruction globally, maybe we should pull our resources and fight our common enemy, which is climate change.

