Speaker: Bernie Sanders
Speech or Text: Speech
Excerpt or Entire Text: Excerpt
Date: July 22nd
Description: Bernie Sanders joined the Sunrise Movement virtually on June 22 to speak about organizing and continuing the progressive movement. He said: “The truth is that my generation has left you a planet that is becoming increasingly unhealthy and uninhabitable”. 
Source: https://www.rev.com/blog/transcripts/bernie-sanders-speech-with-sunrise-movement-transcript-july-22
*
--Start of Text--
is that the scientists are telling us that if we don’t get our act together with regard to climate change, we don’t know what kind of planet your kids and grandchildren are going to be living in. But we do know that within the next few years, there will be irreparable, underline irreparable, damage to this planet. Last five years, five warmest years on record. A few weeks ago in Siberia, the coldest region on Earth, temperature reached 100 degrees Fahrenheit. Report that just came out today that says everything being equal, if we don’t transform our energy system, we’re going to be looking at significant increases in temperature in years to come.

You’re fighting to make sure, that among many other things, the planet that we live in, and our kids and grandchildren will live in, is a healthy and habitable planet.

But to do that, we’re going to have to take on the greed and the lies and the irresponsibility of the fossil fuel industry. That’s what we’re going to have to do. We can’t address the crisis of climate change unless we take on the fossil fuel industry in this country and around the world because this, obviously, is not an American issue, it is a global issue. As I think all of you know, we are making progress as a result of your efforts in college and university. At the college and university, boards of directors of those schools are divesting from the fossil fuel industry. We are working with Vice President Biden on a program to see a very significant increase in energy efficiency and sustainable energy. And we’re blunt. We want to see the United States lead the world in this effort because we have to bring people together.