Speaker: Bernie Sanders
Speech or Text: Speech
Excerpt or Entire Text: Excerpt
Date: November 21th, 2019
Description: The November Democratic Debates were held in Atlanta, GA and featured Cory Booker, Tulsi Gabbard, Amy Klobuchar, Pete Buttigieg, Elizabeth Warren, Joe Biden, Bernie Sanders, Kamala Harris, Andrew Yang, and Tom Steyer. 
Source: https://www.rev.com/blog/transcripts/november-democratic-debate-transcript-atlanta-debate-transcript
*
--Start of Text--
We are facing the great existential crisis about time in terms of climate change. 

When you talk about the climate crisis, the overwhelming majority of the American people know that it is real. They know we have to take on the fossil fuel industry.

They know we have to transform our energy system away from fossil fuel, energy efficiency and sustainable energy. Even on issues like guns, the American people are coming together to end the horrific level of gun violence. 

Tom, you stated, you were talked about the need to make climate change a national emergency. I’ve introduced legislation to just do that. Now, I disagree with the thrust of the original question. Because your question has said, “What are we going to do in decades?” We don’t have decades. What the scientists are telling us, we don’t get our act together within the next eight or nine years. We’re talking about cities all over the world, major cities going on the water. We’re talking about increased drought, talking about increased extreme weather disturbances.

The United Nations is telling us that in the years to come, they’re going to be hundreds of millions of climate refugees causing national security issues all over the world. What we have got to do tonight and I will do as president, is to tell the fossil fuel industry that they’re short-term profits on not more important than the future of this planet. And by the way, the fossil fuel industry is probably criminally liable because they have lied and lied and lied when they had the evidence that they are carbon products were destroying the planet and maybe we should think about prosecuting them as well.

